I'm sorry, but I'm not good at reading.
I'll read it for you.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm reading it.
Even if it's blue, it's still a little bit.
I'm not sure if it's broken.
It's not bad.
Where are the children?
They're sleeping over there.
Look, it's a baby sleeping.
Is that so?
What a big baby!
That's the mother sleeping.
It's so cute.
Did you boil this?
What are you talking about?
It's a baby.
It's like a baby.
I'm so sorry.
I'm sorry.
He has big breasts.
But he lost weight to me.
He's so cute.
There's a lock fell on the pillow.
He needs more time,
so he moved up to live in Uemachi.
He could gather his children.
He has no one to take care of him.
Shall I do this?
Can you do it?
If you do it, you'll be naked.
You're making me a fool.
By the way, if you praise this girl, will you drink a lot?
I'll drink a lot.
Really?
Sometimes, Sake-san?
What? Is this girl your daughter?
It's my daughter.
That's right.
She's like a little bug.
What are you talking about?
She's two times bigger than a little bug.
She's a little short.
I want to be like her.
What are you talking about?
How about a drink?
I'll drink a lot.
If you want to drink, you have to do it.
What?
Sometimes, Sake-san?
You're talking nonsense.
It's okay.
Is this girl your daughter?
I don't like her anymore.
That's good.
I'll make her laugh.
I made her laugh yesterday.
She's one.
What?
She's one year younger than you.
If she's younger than me, I'll only see half of her.
The End